.. A new scriv changelog fragment.
..
.. Uncomment the header that is right (remove the leading dots).
..
.. Removed
.. -------
..
.. - A bullet item for the Removed category.

Added
-----

- New interfaces `shipany.bot.runtime.secrets.SecretsProvider` and `shipany.bot.runtime.captures.CapturesProvider` to enable the injection of secrets and captures into the conversation flow. The `SecretsProvider` interface allows you to provide secrets to the conversation flow, while the `CapturesProvider` interface allows you to provide captures to the conversation flow.
- The corresponding implementations `shipany.bot.runtime.secrets.StubSecretsProvider` and `shipany.bot.runtime.captures.InMemoryCapturesProvider` to provide basic functionality.
- The `inject` package to enable runtime dependency injection. One can now inject such dependencies as `SecretsProvider` and `CapturesProvider`.
- The `BrokenAction@1` and `BrokenAction@2` actions to test edge cases.
- `shipany-bot-cli run` command now supports `--secret` option. This option allows you to pass the secret in the from of the `key=value`.Later, the value can be referenced by using the `{{ secrets.<key> }}` template.
- `secrets.` template to reference secrets in the conversation flow.

Changed
-------

- Along with files, the `shipany-bot-cli run` command supports URL as input for conversation flows. The URL should be a valid URL that points to a JSON file containing the conversation flow.
- The `shipany-bot-cli run` assumes that the `aiogram` backend is used by default. If you are using a different backend, you can specify it using the `--backend` option. The only supported backend now is `aiogram`, though.

.. Deprecated
.. ----------
..
.. - A bullet item for the Deprecated category.
..
.. Fixed
.. -----
..
.. - A bullet item for the Fixed category.
..
.. Security
.. --------
..
.. - A bullet item for the Security category.
..
